I'm Stratton sklavos on the chairman of
Mecca Fox and also managing general
partner of Asian eSports
I'm joined up here this morning by Rick
Fox of course the founder and board
member still at heckuva and by Jared
Jeffries our president of echovox and
we'd all like to welcome you to our echo
boxes first annual roster day as you can
see around the room we're also joined by
so you'll see we're joined around the
room on the sides here by some of our
2018 deca Fox roster players and you'll
be hearing more from them and about them
very shortly this is our thirty
thousand-square-foot headquarters for
not only echo box but also trig galaxies
as well as major entertainment or our
eSports content company and it also
houses Vision Venture Partners which is
a private equity firm that Rick myself
and our other partner on the robota
rosada formed in December 2015 but now
on to today's program
when Rick founded echo fox in late 2015
he believed that esports will become pro
sports he also believed that the best
competitive video game players in the
world would become pro athletes and
lastly he believed that the millions of
fans that were consuming millions of
hours of esports content every every
year would grow to hundreds of millions
of fans from every corner of the world
let's fast forward two years and I think
it's more than fair to say Rick was
right boy was he right
that astounding transitioned from
esports 1.0 esports 2.0 has come with an
explosion in the number of professional
sports leagues a sharper eyes and player
salaries rapid growth of sponsorship
dollars and as you've seen recently
broadcast rights deals that are now
measured in tens of millions of dollars
in fact esports now has the same
economic drivers and the same ecosystem
components that define any professional
sport in the world
another key insight that Rick had was
that over time the best pro players want
to play for the best team organizations
and as Rick knows better than any of us
the best organizations are those that
value and treat their players as family
support them on and off the field
nurture their development and surround
them with veterans and knowledgeable
staff and coaches but most importantly
they created durable and long-lasting
culture that exudes confidence integrity
and success that was Rick's Lakers that
was Jared's Indiana Hoosiers and NBA
teams that was my San Jose Sharks that
is the New York Yankees our newest lead
investors envision esports and with Rick
and Jared's leadership that will be on
Fox
so again welcome to our first annual
roster day and let me turn the
microphone over to my friend my partner
and the founding visionary of echo box
[Applause]
here and scuffin gone rather quickly
last we were here who was celebrating
Fox car which was six months ago
but now we are at the beginning of 2018
eSports season and we are here to
celebrate the play our players to the
echo fox players but it's in these
moments that I always like to stop
amidst all the tireless hard work from
our staff that make this all possible
and celebrate not only just the
accomplishments of our organization and
this company but to thank everyone
involved before like I said their their
dedication and their trust not only are
they building this organization but they
are building an entire industry that
we're all part of I think back to some
of my greatest successes in my life
being a part of professional sports
being a part of teams in general and I
found one common thread I've been on
great teams but it's always been because
I've had great teammates and in those
teammates and along those journeys I've
won championships but I've also had
great failings and fallen short
but in all those cases I've gotten up
and learned from those experiences and
soon it up showed up and fought another
day
now those journeys of success like I
said didn't come along I had some of the
best mentors some the greatest owners in
sports so the greatest GM's teammates to
name them but it's well documented and
it was through those experiences that I
grew as a person I grew as a man and I
took away not only those championship
rings but I took away life memories and
experiences and friendships forever so
before we move on I would be remiss if I
didn't once again because I don't think
I get enough time to do this is to stop
and celebrate this emotion stop and
celebrate these men Stratton it
Jared Jace and some of the other people
here they can keep going down the line
and keep wasting you Jake for glory
number one for their commitment to all
of us all of us in here
what they do on a day-to-day basis you
may not see you guys are getting
introduced to but it is there it has
been their belief I mean I had a mustard
seed of an idea and if it wasn't for
omelette Stratton Jase and now Jared
changing career to be here infer all of
the people you see here that you should
get to know this would not have grown
into what you see so I have the biggest
head in the room Jay Sora's reminded me
and it's probably what people see the
first and see most but I'm just one
representative for all of us okay so
Stratton thank you again for your vision
your team is amazing I get up every day
to come here because I'm excited to see
what you have a person even X it's
simply magical vomit you get is not here
he's probably back in his office working
24/7 for all of us
he's pretty quiet in his presence was
pretty thunderous with his coverage of
all of us his protection of us Jase it
is my commitment to make Jace Hall great
and 20:18 great we're going to do it
that's an inside echo fox thing but Jase
you make us great because of your genius
and your commitment to the gamer and
every single one of us and that's what
Jarrod thank you for making a transition
if you don't know about Jared's career
you know he he was well on his track to
staying in the NBA and being a leader in
that field for an organization that
Steny took the leap of faith to come
here with us so I thank him for that
poem I would take the time as the people
here deserve the time for me to go down
and thank every one of them individually
but we have some new people joining us
my dad recently welcomed we have people
that have been here for long standing
ladies here that keep us going in the
office and division entertainment crew I
see some of our partners Daniel right
here I don't see I think Ellie's here
somewhere
but these are the people that really are
the heartbeat of this organization so
when you're walking as Stratton
mentioned the 30,000 you know feet here
of this space get to know get to know
them they love you they support you from
afar up close and we're looking forward
to having a great 2018 as an
organization before we move on I'd like
to announce that echo Fox will also be
going in 2018 into a new game that game
will be Madden our player is here so
you'll get the chance to meet him and
and as we start the 2018 season I want
to I want to remind as you look around
the players couldn't speak to you today
that today is a day of celebrating human
right some of you are old and veterans
of our organization some of you this is
your first day as a pro and for that we
say welcome but whether you are a new
old
which you are doing is representing echo
fox and you rose up you're representing
all of us who sells included and and for
that as you can see we're pretty
committed to excellence and it's not
just the excellence that we each bring
to the table it's more importantly the
excellence we bring out of each other
that's what we're about
so thank you again for your trust and
your commitment to us and before I pass
it on to Jared we're going to actually
celebrate the past and also look forward
to the future of the video
dony no stopping us
what roster is one to one organization
one family my house is dead Toby
probably we are at impossible
we're going to be that team everybody
wants a jersey from yourself the best
LCS roster history of and in support of
our lcst the jungle
box
the pro-series all abuse worldly
[Music]
well here they come and now I'll group
back
they are just stealing right now
American nation for megabuck it's even
fired discipline specific way
echo fox as an organization wants to be
the best in the world
and the group of guys we have here this
new group they're gonna help us get it
[Music]
[Applause]
alright man Rick did a great job in
closing if anyone has any questions for
three of us no hope that up and go do
that but I'm honored to be here you know
it's pretty cool to be a part of this
and these guys everybody around here in
a great job and I believe in every
single one you guys are athletes and
we're gonna make the transition we're
gonna make this a lifelong goal for all
it was to be successful so any questions
for the three of us oh my god one
question you know what actually two are
gonna have dinner at Karma in a great
place so you got to really enjoy that
Betty - any other questions yes what
made you want to get into you I went to
a conference last year and had a chance
to hear a really great panel about
eSports and I want a new belly so I told
me I say that look man have anything
come up any jobs in LA to come up
eventless travel over the course of
about two weeks and did a bunch of
research about dis space and the growth
and you know to delete the effect and
I'm here now I'm excited about it it's
career path enough code of magic which
is what either works my house we were
talking about
echovox he brought with him to about 1/2
inch thick book clips right the first
one was Denver Nuggets and everything
about every free agent that was going to
be available to market where they might
fit into the Denver Nuggets keen that
coming here what am i cloth to get them
in how that would affect their salary
cap what that was going to mean to the
existing veterans on the team the second
book was about everybody who could be
drafted from college I hear all the
rookies are really coming league and
what pro teams were likely to pick ahead
of the Nuggets that we're gonna get the
first six seven eight guys and then
where they were going to pick up who
they're most likely best fits for the
rest and I looked and I said that is the
most amazing political set of tools and
skills that I've seen relative to pro
sports and athletes and getting your
organization ready to go forward in the
next season so and I have a lot of good
folks at that sounds like sharks and I
was there did similar things but not to
this level of quality and depth and
fast-forward now about five months and
prior to this new league of Legends team
coming on board those same two booklets
only reamp related to every League of
Legends player that was a free agent who
was going to come up from the the boot
camps who it's gonna be double same two
books were presented to us and that made
our job simpler and more comprehensive
and more well informed and that's why
those 10 young gentlemen are sitting
right there it's always best when
someone else
I mean everybody's in this room a lot of
research got to work Daniel who's
sitting over here he won't say but he
puts a ton of effort in all this staff
name a lot of research a lot of
development goes into this you guys just
aren't here by chance you're here
because you work to get to a level in
each one of your games and we do a lot
of research and we're so proud to have
you guys here be partners that's a good
question it's not a question yes the
question since you guys have a lot of
experience than physical sports coming
into this you guys use the phrase leap
of faith and stuff like that what would
you say is the biggest obstacle coming
into a competitive eSport as opposed to
the physical sports
certainly from my perspective it's
coming up to speed and learning right
it's a be remember it's not eSports one
link its eSports with League of Legends
is the NFL and overwatch yeah in h1z1
it's the NHL so you sitting here you
have to learn multiple different sports
right you have to learn what's
interesting about them who's the highest
competitors right who wins why do they
win what's their strategies
what's the longevity the game is the
game like Call of Duty where it changes
format right here and here is it getting
like like electives you get new
champions every week or every month so
it's a very it's a lot of work and a lot
of study to get into but I think once
you get through learning the league
learning the league's in the games it's
very very similar to everything we did
at the Sharks and what we've talked
about with the NBA it's you've got
owners teams players you've got fans
you've got leagues
you've got revenue sharing needles we've
got broadcast rights you've got
sponsorships and you've got content
creation
that's it exists in every pro sport
world and that's what's so similar about
it that we all get to apply our past
experiences hopefully to this universe
no problem I can speak to it from a
player's perspective have you been a
player and watching our players grow as
professional athletes I say there's
their pros and then this professionals a
lot of people can be a pro a lot of guys
our girls can make a professional career
by being talented having skills you know
whatever it is that gets you recognized
right but how you go from a pro to a
professional requires a 360 approach of
in game and how to game handling the
stress the critics making money being a
teammate understanding how to interact
you know with your coaches and your
management this is now business for them
it's their career the ones that are able
to do it well do it because they figure
out how to be a 360 professional
not just a pro because if you're just
good in certain areas of your game you
may get a shot you may last a few
minutes but can you stick around and be
a leader in this initiative because
these are some of the first
professionally sport athletes in the
world and they're the best at what they
do and so when we look up 5 6 8 10 years
from now they will be they will have
laid the foundation it will be because
they can meet professionals not just
pros
that's awesome thanks so much I have one
question he mentioned that the game does
change and you know monthly or whatever
how do how do you guys adjust for that
because an NBA or NFL the game doesn't
really change at all like little minor
stuff but it doesn't add game-changing
balancing changes each time what how do
you guys apply that to this I think you
have it puts it more of an onus on
the athletes to understand what those
changes are the babies very little that
we Ahmed's we could do the game changes
to help them right we just need to give
them the tools all the support good
coaches that understand what's changing
how the meadow is changing in these
games and you know as any pro athlete
does for excel practice practice
practice so we try to make sure we
understand before a season starts right
what's changing they understand it and
then they get to practice and you know
change and adjust skills that they need
to but you know football changes quite a
bit right it does so these rules changes
happen in all these leagues but clearly
any sports today the publishers drive
what end up being changes in these games
and we think that over time the leagues
are going to have to start driving with
changes in it you know it's beautiful
about these conversations as we keep
moving forward is that it never fails
in these moments we'll always find
another nugget that really gives me
greater admiration for what these guys
have to do the NBA and NFL the game
changes there they change the rules they
adjust things they know the lines back
they do that all the time they easily do
it in the offseason our pros do it you
have to deal with it every week in some
cases and so the distress and demands on
that adjustment for them mentally
collectively as a group and their
strategy is heightened to a level that
even I didn't experience having to do
that through our mind 82 game regular
season I'd have to deal with that they
you know I just said in the offseason
they're adjusting on the fly and look I
mean he's talking about that on the
other hand we have a young man at the
back of the room here who the games gets
a war for me him he just changes game
that's on o'clock now he's taking first
day and everything he drives with his
team mates there so the ability to
progress across league across sport as
you will only exists here right unless
you're Michael Jordan wanna come play
baseball
well the coolest thing is that when you
walk into these arenas you know young
old you know getting fat tall I mean all
races there is no discrimination in this
port it's one of most amazing things
I've ever seen when I went to the in a
championship the false in this year to
see daughters and mothers fathers and
sons across all races in there and
watching that being a part of it it's
very unique to this place and you don't
see that a long time like if you go to
football game just know it's a certain
crowd here if you go to battle and the
sauerkraut here itself no discrimination
you look across this room and all other
races and it creates people here but
it's pretty amazing much
hey Rick I I just wanted to talk to you
because I remember after 2015 finals
when CLG won at Madison Square Garden
getting dinner with you and your kind of
celebrating their win it was not too
much later that echo Fox started to be a
thing right and it's kind of crazy for
me in this room right now to see how
many players you have how many partners
you have working with you how much staff
you have and it's been just over two
years so for you what has this
experience been like finding partners
and players and rosters and expanding
the teams and finding sponsors doing all
that just on the course of basically two
years you know Travis in
amazing because you were there I
remember that dinner vividly it was one
of the impetus for the moments that was
an impetus to all of this and you were
part of that conversation which is you
know which is really enjoy to think back
to in these moments but you asked you
know how do we get here you definitely
you don't do it alone and and and that's
what you see here this entire staff I'd
like to think they found me I didn't
find that because I I'm blessed to be
associated with them I talked earlier
about just being a mustard seed of an
idea but it grows out of a vision of
Stratton and his team and and they come
up with stratum of with the idea for
roster day and here I was I've been to
hundreds of roster days but mistake
that's right yeah we stop and we start
the year off on the right note and we
celebrate eSports we celebrate our
players we kick them off from the right
nodes we introduce ourselves as an
organization to the world and yeah in
two years we've come far and it's good
to see you Stewart here leading the
charge from that side and and I
appreciate you taking me down memory
lane
you remember the story though that at
half-time of that last match with CLG he
went in and give a pep talk and that's
when they can know the one I think that
was there was there was a CLG fan and in
and now now it's nice to have our our
own org to compete against them
all right I think we're gonna make
players available yeah yeah so we have
less tobacco everybody within ohm
all right players available you know our
lead guys LCS Academy here's a war Call
of Duty man our sec guys are going to be
sitting in the back we have bang glory
coach and h1 coach but thank God for
coming
[Applause]